She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
I’m a living furnace.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly."
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
